Mytholos

Creation Myth

Sleepers
Chieftan and the Sun and Moon
Shadow People
Fire People
Ice People
Mud People


Wealth
Health
Family
Security
------------
Chieftan
Medicine Man
	Bonesetter
	Herbalist
	Physician
	Surgeon
Witch
	Apothecary
	Shaman
	Seer
	Sorcerer
Hunter
	Beastmaster
	Fisherman
	Shepard
Harvester
	Farmer
	Gardener
	Brewer
Cook
	Baker
	Butcher
	Cheesemaker
	Miller
Storyteller
	Dancer
	Drummer
	Painter
	Singer
Toolmaker
	Carver
	Chandler
	Glassmaker
	Potter
	RopeMaker
	Metalworker
Clothier
	Cobbler
	Dyer
	Embroiderer
	Furrier
	Laundress
	Seamstress
	Tailor
	Tanner
	Weaver
-------------
Builder
	Architect
	Carpenter
	Engineer
	Mason
	Tinkerer
Digger
	Laborer
	Miner
	Porter
	Servant
Scribe	
	Administrator
	Astronomer
	Mathmatician
	Messenger
	Sage	
Trader
	Accountant
	Beggar
	Moneylender
	Prostitute
	Shopkeeper
	Thief
Warrior
	Scout
	Sentry
	Soldier
	Strategist
	Spy
--------------
Wheelwright
BarrelMaker

Shipwright
Sailor

Charcoal Maker

The Fall of the City of Belkar
The mud people lived in prosperity and harmony for two thousand years until the High Priest of the City of Belkar enacted a ritual to summon an iron meteor from the depths of the black sky.
The ritual lasted many weeks and required many sacrifices supplied by the peoples of the surrounding lands. The kings of these lands rebelled and joined in a great army to fight Belkar.
Utun, son of the Great Chief Utul in the lands of Kaba, had fought his way to a high mountain pass and gazed upon the city below as the night of the meteors arrival had come.
The meteor was as large as a mountain and streaked through the sky impossibly fast. It shown with a heat and light that all in the valley could feel and see as if the day had come.
A great shield of light twice as large as the city appeared in the sky. The meteor halted for a brief moment before the shield shattered into countless shards that melted into the air.
The city shown as bright as day as the mountain crashed into it annihilating Belkar and its people completely. The sky rained burning rocks and the ground shook. Everything burned.
The fertile lands of the valley below had been changed into a lake of lava and the very air became unbeathable as black clouds swirled above the ground. The City of Belkar was destroyed.


The Fall of the Empirial Capital of Boko

Creation and the First Ritual
In the beginning only the dark mother of the black sky existed. In time she created three daughters. The Sun, the moon, and the earth. The sun in turn created the wanderers in the sky and the moon created the stars. The earth took herself and created the mud people. These crude people lived in a vast land and needed no food, or water. Their numbers grew over the years until even the vast land the earth provided was not enough. The mud people desperatly searched for a solution to their problems. They observed the black sky and gleaned knowledge of the cycles of the heavens. They developed simple runes to harness the fabric of reality. In time one amongst them emerged with a plan. The mud people waited for the time of a great conjunction of the wanderers. Below on earth, the people had erected a mountain of mud upon which they opened themselves and let the life flow from them into sacred geometries dug into the ground. At the moment of conjunction the wanderers answered the call of the mud people.

The Arrival of the Sleepers

Drowned
Burned
Asphyxiated
Stabbed
Diseased
Crushed
Dismembered
Choked
Starved

######################
The first city rose upon the banks of the great river where it met the sea in the south. The city grew becoming a breeding ground for new ideas. In time arcane mysteries became unlocked and a great concert of sorcerers came to dominate the city. The sorcerers seeking a source of iron greater than any shriveled seam the earth possesed summoned a great meteor from the dark beyond. The meteor's arrival in the sky above the city was accompanied by a terrible earthquake that reduced the city to rubble and touched every distant corner of the earth where men lived. The earthquake caused the cataracts of the Geshi Mons Sea to split and released a torrent of water down the great river scouring everything in its path and wiping the city from the face of existence in a single day.

In the aftermath of the destruction of the first city, meteor storms raged across the land casting enourmous fires and burning vast swaths of wilderness. New settlements were built around impact sites leveraging both the newly deposited iron in the vicinity as well land cleared of wilderness.

 A holy site arose upon an enourmous rock sitting within the confluence of three rivers on the upper plateau. There, the Kingpriest of Ashrak held dominion for sixty generations binding all peoples to him. The Priests of Ashrak intensly studied the sky above and meteorites below and determined that the Great Meteor would in time make its final impact upon then land bringing death and destruction to all.

At the appointed night a chorus of all the priests of Ashrak created a dome of light over the city that met the meteor as the anvil meets the hammer. The Great Meteor, as large as a mountain, brought an enourmous heat to Aashrak and its own fell light to fill the darkness. As it fell and crashed upon the dome the meteor froze in place for briefest moment before fracturing and shattering across the land.

Shards of the meteorite as big as houses fell to the earth immolating everything around them. When the crystal dome cascaded into nothingness the holy priests of ashrak and ashrak himself were disintigrated into ash as the casting of the dome pulled all energy from them. The city of Ashrak was untouched.

In the aftermath of the Shattering of the Great Meteor, the people of the land face extreme political upheaval. The citizens of Ashrak fled in the face of a populist riot that burned the temple districts. Wilderness encroaches upon the city whilst people leave seeking new settlements springing up around meteor fragments. 

A new power rises in the east. The City of the Rooster ruled by the Wormlord. His men come with iron and fire and enslave all they come across. 
