In a primordial time 100,000 years ago there existed an ancient race at the cusp of their end. They possessed advanced technologies gleaned over the course of eons and yet they could not reverse the dire nature of their predicament. Only a few dozen of their race remained. They travelled the stars visiting planets that harbored life looking for both a cure and repreive from their fate. Travelling from world to world they would catalogue life and retain compatible specimens to drain the life essence from them in an effort to stave off the destruction of their race.

Either by chance or design, the races ancient technology failed them and their great vessel broke apart, crashing upon the world. A small handfull survived, spread across the planet and gave rise to an epic age of great warlords and ancient weapons and technology. Tens of eons passed and eventually even the last of the great race could stave off death no longer. Devices both great and small wore away until the knowledge of their race became lost and only the residual properties of debris from the crashed ancient vessel remained. 

Ten thousand years ago the massess of humanity once again coallesed into primitive civilizations. People continued to dig looking for ancient riches from the crash, now, a long lost memory. 

The year is 1850. The rise of dark ancient technologies has spurred civilization to grat heights. The west is a dark and prosperous land . Vampires, denizens of darkness plague the land and its people. Hunters of ancient providence task themselves with eradicating the threat of these horrors, chasing them as the move and spread across the land. The new world has seen this blight turn into a menace which huntes the people by day and spreads.


Trilogy 1
Ordinary guy is introduced into this dark west and succeeds in destrying local menace.
Guy continues fighting evil stopping a great plot.
Hero reaches summit of fight against evil only to fail to stop the dark age of the land.
Trilogy 2
Immediatly on the run from dark forces hero must contend with dark power within him.


Shark (Akulos)
	The Akulos is an extremely potent lineage of blood drinkers. They are, generally, far stronger and hardier than other lineages.
	Rare
	Abilities:Extreme Strength, Extreme Suriveability
	Appearance:Bulky and hairless with gray skin and black eyes.
	
Octopus (Bez Adaz)-Skinless
	Individuals become mechanically flexible and can change skin to replicate others. Extreme sunlight Intolerance
	Uncommon
	Abilities:Extreme Flexibility, SkinChanger
	Appearance:Normal/Variable
	
Spider (Otrava Atinsa) (Poison Touched)
	Individuals while weaker than most, carry a cursed touch.
	Uncommon
	Abilities:Destructive Touch
	Appearance:Multiple eyesets, Blackened Claws, Lack of Humanity
	
Bat (Nor Intunicat) Dark Flyer
	The Nor Intunicat are physically unassuming but possess the ability to manifest clouds to obscure the suns light. They can become lighter than air or even turn themselves into a vaporous fog. 
	Uncommon
	Abilities:Flight, Weather Control, Vaporous Body
	Appearance: Red Eyes

Wolf (Aliati) Allies
	This lineage commands the respect of the others throught strength of numbers as well as personal power. Princes of the night, they form large covens and keep familiars.
	Common
	Abilities:Animal Dominion, Farsight
	Appearance:No Reflection
	
Vulture (Dorinta Nesfarsita) Endless Hunger
	This lineage feed upon the dead as well as the living.
	Common
	Abilities:
	Appearance:Flaky Skin, Thin build long clawed limbs

Worm (Shi Xie De) (Blood Thirsty)
	Individuals are rendered gibbering and mindless with little impulse control. 
	Dangerously Common
	Appearance:
